 * Programmer: Brian Mitzel
 * Email: bmitzel@csu.fullerton.edu
 * Course: CPSC 486
 * Assignment: 2 - Picking
 * Due Date: 9/29/2014
 
picking.cpp is a C++ program which implements a basic
OpenGL renderer. The renderer is capable of drawing a ground
plane, a sky box, and 3 PLY models. Using keyboard input,
the renderer can toggle between using a GLSL shader program
or the OpenGL fixed function pipeline. Also, it can toggle
on or off the drawing of the models' bounding volumes.
Finally, it is intended that a user's mouse click on a
model will toggle on or off the drawing of that model's
bounding volume.

------------------------------------------------------------

Building:

Using the FreeBSD VM distributed by Professor Michael
Shafae, open a terminal window to the source directory and
enter the following command at the shell prompt:

	gmake

------------------------------------------------------------
	
Executing:

From the same directory where you built the executable,
enter the command:

	./picking

------------------------------------------------------------
	
Features:

The following hotkeys are available:
	b - toggle rendering the bounding volumes
	g - toggle between the GLSL program and the fixed
	    function pipeline
	h - print a help message
	ESC or q - quit the program
	
Clicking the mouse on a model in the scene is intended to
toggle on or off the drawing of that model's bounding
sphere.

------------------------------------------------------------

Completed:

The completed requirements for this assignment include:
	1. Render a scene with 3 smoothly shaded geometric
	   models
	2. All 3 of the models are stored in PLY format
	3. The model data is stored in a linear, linked data
	   structure
	4. Each object in the scene is bounded by a bounding
	   sphere
	5. The scene includes a shaded ground plane and shaded
	   sky box
	6. The entire scene is visible from the default camera
	   position
	7. There is an interior point light source which
	   illuminates the scene
	8. The shading is accomplished using the Phong GLSL
	   shader program
	9. The keyboard interface is fully functional as
	   described in the Features section above
   10. Picking via ray-sphere intersection has been
       coded, but it is not fully functional

------------------------------------------------------------
       
Bugs:

Currently, the calculations which determine whether a model
has been clicked on are not working properly. A ray is
generated by a user's mouse click, and it is checked for
intersection with each bounding volume in the scene.
However, the intersection check does not return the correct
results. Sometimes, it returns true when it should return
false and vice versa. For now, I have added some debugging
printf's to try to track down the cause of the defect.
